This code constitutes the bulk of the analysis in Sabatini and Kaufman 2024. The code is organized largely thematically into folders, with folder names chosen to suggest their corresponding section in the paper (for example, factorization using temporal basis functions is in TBF, code for relating neural activity to kinematics and vice versa is in neuralAndKinematicsInvestigation, etc). These folders may contain subfolders which further specify an analysis in the paper. Lowest-level folders (folders for a single analysis) contain several functions that carry out an analysis, along with another folder named Analysis. Analysis contains wrapper functions that pull relevant results from other folders, datasets, etc, pre-process them in an appropriate manner, then run each dataset through the corresponding functions to perform the analysis. Functions in analysis will return a struct-array. Each struct in the array corrresponds to one monkey and has two fields, M1 and PMd, that correspondingly contain the output of the analysis for the M1 dataset and the PMd dataset. There may be an additional folder labelled Controls. Controls is analogous to Analysis, but contains functions that implement statistical controls for the functions in Analysis (such as shuffle controls). Functions or analyses cannot be run in any order, as some analyses pre-suppose the existence of results for other analyses. The code has been heavily commented for clarity. Please reach out the authors with any questions.  
